On talent, I, Zhao Linglong, became a master at the age of 10
On Projects
I don't recognize the nobility of the world
Ask the disciple
I have killed a lot of thieves under the surname of the drama sect
I call a deer a horse
No one dares to speak
The pride of heaven for a small family like you
The eldest lady who is only in the nest
Also worthy of talking nonsense in front of me
Old woman, what did you say?
I mean your old woman is courting death
Do you want to die, little brother?
Your wife is too weak
not as good as
You follow me.
Stay with me in Shu Mountain
Must be my man
A thousand years ago, Mount Shu was made without sword qi
It should be unified now
But not forcibly swallowed
Who is it?